not
Hi everyone Afro mask
It is today 20mar Friday
We will deliver h 1 z 1 live at the switch from 20:00
This time I 'm a member of a multiplayer I recruited before
With that one
Well I made a base or explored
We think that we can do various things The broadcast time is from 20 o'clock to 23 o'clock
If extended, it is until 24 o'clock
It will be time, but please come to play if you like
It was Oh flow mask more
For raw delivery in everyone Hello Afro mask this time standing start it is a recent match
I think I want to explain
Yes is the tea I switch that overseas
Raw delivery
It is a site dedicated wonder if that live streaming for site
Toka this bank in the wind as referred to in Japan
After the water caska
But I think that if many people of like a feeling I'm Gago Zonchi
Distance Well but Masu bath using this site
It is live broadcasting We are broadcasting live broadcasting of liveliness irregularly
I guess I went with him three times 34 times
So far
It looks like you can see it without any problems
I think that I want to do live delivery with this switch quite in the future
eh
In it's here, but it is this and basically Saito Tsuitchi
If you let me think that it will come out as soon as you have a search like twitter
Perhaps
Omama Japanese language people
It should be changed
And in Twitter , you can chat like Nico Nico or Twicas
I can communicate
It is registration this for chat in participation number
Because I need to make this twisty cart
From this registration
Here is your username
Well my favorite username is your account name and password
Please enter your birth date and email
You can register for this video explanation board
I have written the url of the Afromarsk Zitch channel, but I have 100 million searches
so
Afro Mask
It will come out in this form, so even videos that have been delivered once coin
It hasn't been for 8 years, but maybe I haven't seen it for about a month
It will be written to some extent but you can see it here on youtube
Also
Are all Even if we have not seen since going to deliver to edit
Yes I think you can see
The app of this switch in the app of the smartphone while playing chat people also afro
Is it
Because it is out there
Because you can see a lot of comments
Well comment opinion and advice are fine
It is a form of advancing the game while letting me refer to recruitment or reference
This is when the switch is also delivered to the one youtube video in
From the lower left of youtube's video
Because of the mark of Coin Choton and Twitch, a Kirk comes out and something Twisting Streaming
If you click it since come out in like a form down
You can see live delivery of Otsu City
eh
So when you distribute the switch, it's Twitter
Even if you're on twitter
It is a follow-up also by all means those of everyone's Twitter because the mouth
Even to Moraeru and various information dissemination is Twitter
As we are starting to do gradually recently
I hope you can see it there
eh
Yes it is a switch from Flowmarsk
It was your news of the